Privacy Policy for UnderTEXT Discord Bot:

1. This privacy policy outlines how UnderTEXT collects, uses, and protects any information that is provided by its users when using the bot. UnderTEXT is a text box generator for the Undertale/Deltarune community on Discord. The bot is developed by Isaac 'kyttarikos' Mendoza, who is referred to as the "Developer" throughout this policy. Demirramon, who is the original creator of the said text box generator, is referred to as the "Original Creator."

2. User Data: UnderTEXT does not collect or store any user data. As a text box generator, the only data that the bot generates is the text box message, which is created by the Discord user who inputs the desired text. UnderTEXT does not have access to any user information or data.

3. User-Generated Messages: The messages that are generated by the UnderTEXT bot are created by the Discord users who input the desired text. The Developer and Original Creator of UnderTEXT are not responsible for any content that is generated by the bot. The user-generated messages do not reflect the views or opinions of the Developer or Original Creator of UnderTEXT.

4. Data Privacy Act: UnderTEXT complies with the Data Privacy Act. Any information that is provided by the users of the bot is protected under this policy. The privacy of the users is a top priority for UnderTEXT, and any data that is provided by the users will be protected in accordance with this policy.

5. Responsibility: The Developer and Original Creator of UnderTEXT are not responsible for any user-generated data. The users of UnderTEXT are solely responsible for any content that is generated by the bot. The Developer and Original Creator are not liable for any damages or losses that may arise from the use of the bot.

UnderTEXT takes the privacy of its users seriously and will take all necessary steps to ensure that user data is protected. If you have any questions about this policy or the use of UnderTEXT, please contact the Developer at gary.isaac.mendoza@gmail.com, or in the Discord support server via this link: https://discord.gg/AgRgqDydms .
